The next section we're going to be creating our here and this is going to be demanders sections.
All right so we're going to look at how we can actually center it would see it says Flex box and you
can see that this is going to be centered here vertically and horizontally right.
And then you going to see how easy it is right.
So what we're going to do or here we're going to go back to in next stage you know.
Right.
And we're going to do a very short and very simple set up right as you're going to see with these videos.
The HD is usually going to be really around maybe ten lines maybe less.
Right.
And then see says is going to be well longer or much longer depends on the section.
So I'm going to say banner with a comment right so and then I know that this is going to.
This was the end of NAV.
So we're going to say now and this is going to be the banner right over here we can just say end of
banner right away.
And then we're going to write our HDMI out here right.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be better with an idea of banner.
Right.
And once we have that we're actually going to have a div of a banner title.
And once we have that we're going to have a banner text which is going to be actually heading one and
we're going to say banner text and this and that all here we're going to write and this is going to
be web agency like this then we're going to have a div with a underline and around the line.
So I'm going to say that this is going to be death of hour on the line.
And over here we're just going to leave this guy empty.
Right.
This is going to be for our line that we're going to be creating.
They're going to have a beer with a class of banner button and told them to say banner between or here
or here we're going to have a few buttons right here.
I'm going to say is going to be a new and pressed.
No really this is going to be type button and here we're going to say bye.
I'm going to say bye now.
And the next one is going to be about us.
So just copy this one again and this and here we're going to say this is going to be about us.
So I'm going to say about us here and we're actually done with HD now and we can jump to reassess and
start dialing.
All right.
So here's the first thing we need to do is obviously create a comment like this is going to be the banner
section.
So I'm going to make a hash tag and I'm going to say banner on here I'm going to also make a hash tags
right.
And then we're going to go here and create more way more room so we can see better what's happening.
And the first thing we're going to say is going to be banner and are really going to say that this is
going to be have a minimal height of 90.
You whites like this 90 you.
Right.
So now that we have this going we would want a back rub right.
And first I'm going to write that this is going to be you know.
And then I'm going to say images and this is going to be background banner and background banners going
to be our first one.
Right.
And next thing that I would want to do is actually fix this right because this wasn't about you.
This was actually just regular.
Right.
And now we have the 90 view right.
Then we would want to attach a few more properties.
Right.
First it's going to be background judgment not blind blind mode but by growing attachment and we're
going to say this is going to be fixed.
I mean they're all going to have a background position so I know my ground position.
I'm going to say sooner than this.
We're going to have a background size same background size and we're going to take cover.
And once we have a cover all in the same bag on repeat background repeat and we're going to see no repeat
and then we're going to have a display flex and that's going to be actually for setting these wounds
in the center.
So just for now.
Right.
You can see that with our banner right.
You can see that the background image is actually kind of a little bit light right so if I say this
here if we go back over here and we refresh right you can see that eventually this is going to be a
little bit too light to what we want right now or we can always do is actually create an overlay to
the image right.
So we go back over here which is the background and on the new line here and the near Grady That's all
we're going to add something on top of actual dysrhythmia.
Right.
So I'm going to say this again we are G-B.
And I'm just going to have a black one.
So this is going to be zero.
And the last one is going to be actually the opacity.
How transparent this is.
Right.
So I'm going to grab this guy on this and just I'm going to copy this guy and place a common core here
and another column or here all the way on the back or like this not see that we have this overlay.
Right.
So we have a nice nonaccrual overlay because we're going to be making these fonts over here.
So now that we're done with our actual background image we to actually get this in a center right this
text.
And what we're going to do is will again use a display fourplex property.
So we're going to see this play the direction this play and we're going to see flex and then we're going
to have a line item center line not the content items to say not baseline center center over here.
Right so you can see how it moves actually vertically in the center and then we would want a justified
contact center right.
Just to place them actually in the actual horizontal sun.
And you can see how easy it is right.
Pretty much three properties right with the values and that's it.
No more hacks no more floating more transform translate or anything like that.
And or here we're going to send for the banner text.
This is going to be the title of the page right.
We're going to say font size over here.
We're going to say 50 pixels high.
Once we have a fixed 50 pixels we're going to say text transform text transform here and you can see
that did a mistake or here actually I need to see my goal and nothing that we need to do to actually
create more room.
So you can see actually better what we're doing.
So decks transform when we're going to say uppercase and so say purse.
Then once we have the upper case we're going to we're going to need a call.
So I'm going to say color and this is going to be easy.
And again zero.
And then we're going to have to be to d be right over here and you can see that I messed something up
because it's kind of pink.
What we need to do is get rid of this guy right.
This a.
And now we have a white font.
And so now everything is working.
And once we have the color we would want a font style or we're going to say Tauke.
And so we're going to go here with the taluk and this is going to be it for the banner text and now
we would need a banner under.
All right.
So we're going to say go here I'm going to say banner when I say underline on their line here and what
you want to do is you want a width of a 200 pixels right here and then you'd want a border here and
we're going to say this is going to be three pixels solid solid and we're going to have a 1 9 0 and
this hash tag 1 9 1 7 1 6 right.
So now that we have this right.
So this is going to be our underline right.
But we also want to add is actually a margin I'd say 10 pixels from the top then we're going to have
an auto then we'll have 20 pixels to the bottom and they're also going to have auto.
Right.
So we're going to place it actually in the center.
We're going to create a little bit more space and then we will want to start styling the actual buttons
right.
So here I'm going to say about an hour and between line and what I'm going to say this is going to be
display flex again.
Right because I want to push them away from each other.
And here I'm going to say that this is going to be justified content and this is going to be space between.
Right.
So now I can see right away how they moved one away from the other one.
And then we would want the actual style the actual button.
So here I'm going to say of beat between and then it's going to be a button.
And over here you're going to write font size to say 30 pixels.
Then we're going to have a spring of 15 like this.
We're going to have text transform and we're going to have a uppercase then we're going to say this
is going to be margin 0 turn pixels like this.
And we are going to have a background right here sorry.
Background ground.
We're going to say transparent talk and say transparent.
Read like this and then we're going to have a color and the collagen is going to be on the six.
He says hey they're all going to F to we have to do this.
And then what we would want to do is actually have a border to have border two pixels solid and I'm
going to use the same color so I can just grab this guy or here like this.
I'll play this one and paste it.
All right.
Now there we have this one a hovering effect.
Right.
So we're going to grab all here this button.
Copy this one and pasted and I was going to say however what happens is we're hovering.
The color should be friend Cerebro I'm going to say this is going to be the zero g.
And then it's going to be to D.
B.
And so this time I didn't mess up anything and I have a background and the background is going to be
the white one right.
So we're going to do is just going to copy paste and we're done.
All right.
So we can go here and check it out.
Well we have and we can also obviously go to the big screen right fresh.
And you can see that everything is working right exactly in the middle where we want to.
All right.
The buttons are working as we're hovering.
And now we're ready to build the next section which is going to be a skills section.